{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2508;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\kerning28\ul\b\f0\fs24 Darwin Developing : Outline for GP Database Queries\par
\ulnone\b0\par
\ul Main Points of Data Base\par
\par
September 26, 2011\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\ulnone\b A.\tab Class Management  \b0 - As we discussed, class management is the first piece of the system. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\i Timeframe to develop : 3-5 weeks\par
I will do the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Design the Class Management Database\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Create the functionality of the system\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 The administrator view and functionality:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160 The ability to add and modify classes.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}The class will have the following format:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2880 Title and Description as main parts, seasons and price.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Their schedule with times and days when the class is available.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Prepared for the registration system to take over by setting it like a link.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 The customer part\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160  To be able to display classes in the website and for customer to view.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}The link will be set up so customer can register and the Registration system can take care of them.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b B.\tab Registration Information Management (Customer , registration management and payment management)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\i\tab  - This part is divided in three parts:  Customer Management, Registration, and Payment Management\par
 - Timeframe 10-12 weeks (after class management)\i0\par
\i I will do the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080 Design the tables necessary for the \b customers to be saved \b0 in the database\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 Design the administrator view of a customer\rquote s data.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You will have the ability to:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160 Add and modify customer\rquote s information.\par
\ul{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Search for a specific customer through their name, email, or phone number for the admin (this is something that needs your input)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\ulnone Design the customer\rquote s view of their of their portal page/ profile with your input.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Customers will have :\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160 The ability to view their class and attendance in a class and whatever else Peter wants them to view here.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}The ability to modify their data as needed\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\f1 2.\tab\f0 Design the tables necessary for the \b registration of customers\b0  into a class\line The system will have :\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 The ability to add a customer to a class, transfer from one class to another.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Waiting list capabilities for the classes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The ability to handle trial classes for a customer\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Attendance  tracking capabilities for a class\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The functionality needed for class not to be deleted once they have students in it.\line  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\f1 3.\tab\f0 Design the ability to track \b  payments \b0 from a customer registering in a class\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 Keeping track of payments and balance\line\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160 The ability to add and modify payments and to keep track of them as well.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}The ability to find who owes money from being registered to classes\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}The ability to post messages for customers to view them in their portal page.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 The customer view\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160 The ability to show them what their payments are and their balances\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Remind them when their payments are dues and ways for peter to send them messages.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}The ability to respond to peter if necessary.\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b C.\tab Manage Events and Birthday Parties\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\tab\i Timeframe: 3-5 Weeks\par
\i0\tab\i I will do the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080 I will design the tables necessary to handle the events and birthdays that people request.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Admin part\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 The ability to add to the schedule of birthday parties going on in a month.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ability to staff birthday parties in the employee management system\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The ability to send email about events and/or birthday to specific groups or customers\tab\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b\i0 D.\tab Mailing List and Email Management \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\i\tab Time Frame: 3-5 weeks.\par
\tab I will do the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080 Design tables to be able to save email from non-customers, who want to be part of the mailing list.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Be able to send messages to existing customers and those in the mailing list.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Create 2 templates for peter to fill them in with information necessary to send to as news letter.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Design 2 specific templates to target specific events like birthday parties.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\i\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\i0 E.\tab Customer invoices and billing \i -this goes with payments management system\i0 ,\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b F.\tab Employee Management, \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\i\tab Time Frame:3-5 weeks\b\i0\par
\b0\tab\i I will do the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080 Design the tables necessary for the employees.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Administration view\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 The ability to add and modify employees. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The ability to give them rights\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ability to add them to classes\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ability to send them messages to their portal page\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080 Employee view portal\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 A portal page for them to view their upcoming classes to teach with their respective class information\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The ability to communicate with their employer\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The ability to do some task depending on their level.\ul\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Create the ability for people looking for employee to fill out a form and be sent to peter?\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\i0 G.\tab\b Vendors and billing & Payments.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\i Timeframe: 3-4 Weeks\par
I will do the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080 Design tables that will hold information about the vendors and their products and its prices.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 Admin part:\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent360\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li2160 Add and modify vendors\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Add payments\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Keep track of all transactions\par
\ul{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Send messages to them if necessary? \ulnone\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\i0\par
8.\tab Participant Portal- members can log in to re-register or make a payment or view classes, etc. \i - this will go in the customers, registrations and payments. So it is added there.\par
\i0\par
9.\tab Member History\i -This goes in the customer, registration, and payment management system.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
\i0 Total Cost:  $5,000.00\par
\par
\i\par
\par
All times and prices are based on the information as presented and currently understood. As we review each item, I will confirm the pricing and timeframe. Please note that the timeframe is always dependent on our interactions, as you have to verify that  you are comfortable with a certain item before I can move forward.  \par
\par
\par
If you are comfortable with the overall picture and are ready to begin, I will send you a contract for the class management portion of the database and any other portion that you would like me to begin. \par
\par
\b0\i0\par
\b These are additions that I am not sure if I can do, I will do research to see if I can do them. If I can them we will talk about the pricing for it, if there is any pricing to add, which will depend on how much time it takes to develop.\par
\par
Any bugs in the program itself, I am responsible to fix ASAP. However, I won't be responsible for database backup. If you want to back up the information I will create csv files with the information in the system.\par
\i\par
\i0 Possibly linked it to Quickbooks.\i\par
\par
\b0\i0\par
}
 